Mary Primeau
Final Project - Creative Coding

[Live Sketch Link](https://mprimeau1.github.io/120v2/finalproject/index.html)

For my final project I have decided to do a forested animation scene full of moving flora and fauna, with lightly fallen snow.  The premise of my animation is a moving background image of a redwood forest, that slightly moves on a repeated loop.  I have five background images that I want repeated on a loop to make it look like a moving art piece. Then I want to create several forest creatures in the forest through shape drawing.  These include a frog, squirrel, rotating spinning flowers, and a bird. I would also like to create a little forest man as a moving cursor.  I would also like to add a cool feature, when you click a forest creature a sound will start playing and these sounds will be looped together based on how many forest creatures are clicked.  Finally over the entire animation I would like snow falling with randomized light colors.

For this project timeline it is fairly simple.  By Tuesday 11/27 I would like the background animation completed of the images looping.  Then throughout the week I would like to start the sketches of all the various creatures and drawn flowers. Sunday and Monday are my usually big days to do homework because I do not work on these days.  On Sunday December 2nd I would like all the finishing touches done on creatures I would like the cursor to be fully functional with a forest man and all animals and plants in there perfect place.  On Monday December 3rd  I would like to have completed any moving parts of the animation, including snow flakes. This will be a big day for adding sound to my animation.  My goal is so that when you click the frog, frogs start chirping and when you click the bird, birds sounds start.  I would like it so by depending on your ideal sound, you can click or unclick the animals. These two days are where I think most of my errors and troubles will occur.  I have my mornings free for the rest of the week and will use my free time to troubleshoot any problems I might have.  I hope to have my project completed on Saturday the 8th.  If I feel like I'm running out of time for my project by Tuesday night on the 4th of December then I will be fast tailing it to the computer lab for help.
