Mary Primeau
Final Project - Creative Coding

[Live Sketch Link](https://mprimeau1.github.io/120v2/finalproject4/index.html)

For my final I have made a forested winter scene full of woodland creatures and a cool forest dude. In my sketch I have incorporated new and old things that I have learned throughout the semester. To start out my project I made it so the background is four different images of a forest that slightly move to give it an animated look of the water moving in the background.  I took the images myself with my dslr camera.  To give the forested images this look I created an array and used the module function to have it infinitely repeat.  Next I created the snow to fall over my entire image.  The snow flakes are in there own class where they have several interactions, they start white then when it hits the edges of the screen it turn to either pink or blue snow flakes.  If two pink snowflakes hit each other they turn back to white. The snow flakes also move in a random way around the screen.  After that I created several functions displaying my creatures.  A frog, squirrel, flower, forestMAN, firefly, and a bird.  In each of these functions I created a complicated rudimentary drawing of these animals.  Finally in my sketch I added the sound of whistling to play over the entire sketch. I got the sound from freesound.org . I was able to make the sound loop repeatedly. New processes that I learned where about the preloading and loading sound.  In my preloading section I loaded my images for the background, then set them into an array.  For loading sound what I did was load my sound in my setup function then created a new loaded function to play the whistling in the background on a loop. I also made the cursor a little firefly that flies around.

Throughout my process of making this final I have definitely had my ups and downs. I was comfortable with learning new techniques of preloading images but had problems when it ultimately came to adding music.  I went to the computer lab for help with making my background images animate how I wanted and ultimately had to discuss with Prof.Musick on how to make them move.  It was then that I used the module to repeat over and over.  Once I did that I worked on the rest of my sketch of creating my creatures and the snow.  This process took a long time but I felt that it was worth it in the end.  I learned a lot more about the workings of a code and how to problem solve and fix errors. Like how its so handy to tell where exactly your code is broken.  Towards the end of the project I had to still add music to my project, this is where things got a little crazy.  Basically my sketch was working fine up until I had to add music and one big thing I learned was the whole index.html and how to make the music load through there.  I wanted to make buttons for my objects that I had created then add various sounds that played when you clicked them. But in the end I created a looping sound of the forestMAN whistling in the forest. I duplicated my code several times trying to make the perfect code, but kept having issues. I went to the computer lab and the issues forum for help on how to fix my sound problem. In the lab I was shown about the index.html and how to essentially turn on the sounds through there, as well as a few {} that I had missed. I have a very busy schedule and this class was my first time ever coding anything, I think my project turned out well.  I think I had to high of hopes of my vision but in the end I was very close and made a cute little code.
